Hello dear friends doubt hits
and in this series we will search
sniper rifle 3 days
but before that I want to congratulate you on
the beginning of spring let's hope that the soup from
good to be warm and cold we
appeal to search if only 2 free
day to 3 levels already in the cube
tormented though all the plane are at the airport
so people too rest on the wheelbarrow faster
go well and still
Come on come on so uncomfortable to ride in a cube
can't
people walk around obstacles where exactly neat
I'm completely mud often right away
a yellow circle will appear on the map
small then business is increased from if
together we kill more people
Rare god names you will punish
okay the king beat to what these extra
my mind decided these broken-down burn
in the trash of civilizations
pro costs so what is that for something
draw what it is that is it was the first
our home and we can capture
blowing up this building would be so afraid so
actually why is Pushkin to take
We are here Rodion Andi
on and ask for generation of skira let's go
so it will be
large personalities yellow can dangerous
let's look
I honestly do not remember the day 3 heating room
that the polymer can not remember the day, let
look for a little cissi you hold on there
usually promise so here it is.
my rifle was spent on slash all
past rifle was dyeing
highlighted let's take the presents
add 1 together we are also the first time a
then you will see a sign that you
weapons are better on the third level and i
chose already before that so no where
there is such a thing to call
supported by
it is important to take a long time you it can also
put the families myself with everything while the jury
mud
job this rifle sv-98
3 so we look, the damage is increased by 1 and
the size of the wallpaper is also feet but speed
and fish is nothing at all much radius
actions and so you get you also
You can put the cheese fighters as told
for 1000 to 5000 dollars and required
license expert only expert if u
you top main tone because
so expert teacher like me yours
goal everyone likes that but not smokey
pads in the comments and be sure
Subscription is all valuable Nikita
see you goals and look for new
weapons to all bye